sleepu
I would like to eat Many Leeks
.@flemishdog is here!!!
You Cannot Bargain With Pupet
who is "dickeye"
Oshare Bones is the first openly homosexual character in the series
Are Hoxha
"poz deposit"
de jitka van vroeger
Bro Out
Fuck Your Gameplay
ahaha the typhoon does work
"phew, at least these boss fights will get easier when i have more augmentations", past Thom thought
"mm, yase, lets give the player an objective that is really just a choice, and then fuck them over hugely for it later"
bread lady...
"CAUTION - HORSE", @thisman speaks directly into your mind
what an ominous sign
You Don't Understand I Am A Volvo 760
"internet car"
verdwijn! verlaat het land van dm en keer nooit meer terug!
het is niet mogelijk om naar dm te gaan
bee-product soap, plaese return to me
shit shit shit i just realized I have a soap SOMEWHERE and I've forgotten where that somewhere is
what is the exact point in time when post-usenet nerd lingo became more unbearable than the contents of the Jargon File
before the redditor, the world was a better place
Upturn A Table In Rage After Learning Of The Term "Sideloading"
Horrors from the Meat Dimension
"meat disc" sounds like something @jitka22 would tweet on the subject of hamburgers
Hoxhaist Death Owl-Squid
Hoxhaist Death Squid menaces the Enemy
but you must..
"RAPE JOEK"
"man, Ayn Rand - so many subjects to broach"
http://j.mp/nAPsT1 cracked dot com
http://j.mp/ptXZ9B Please Give Me Dropbox Space (I need it for a thing)
orphan twet
"Oh Well" is now a twet without purpose I guess!
http://j.mp/oG5iaA art
He also said «You Will Dior»
Oh Well
Grand juries are hilarious
http://t.co/dQFxGeta Poetie. CC: @killme4cash
I Respect Youlf
MAN
man these grey pants
"la migra"
IMPORTANT HEALTH HAZARD ABOUT PLAYING VIDEO GAMES
what does that mean
"oshare bones"
"RT @Zoeytrope: Here Lies Jitka.
Pretty Cool."
sleepu...
oh man
wietheer 1620
A Bothan Female dot jpg a bowser business bowser" the South Sea. It will have a large bang heard in? — http://t.co/KbgKfBig
so excited about The Bang
please reveal the full Barnacle Jim canon to me
#iwishtoleveragemyprivilegetopolicepeoplewho
but they are wrong
http://j.mp/peE6wp some people believe this is the cause of the Bang
Cornelis Lely stands on the banks of the South Sea. "It will have to go", he mumbles
ah, de #knal
standing out is the hugely unsettling "GROTE PADDESTOELWOLK JONGUH"
i think the dutch are bringing twitter over capacity
"bwol"
oh yes, the bread bwol!
????
sometimes things happen in this country
a Bang happenedf
oh ok there has been a Bang
dutch media does not know how to handle Science Event
"a giant lizard creature made obscene demands, but let me go when they could not be fulfilled. a+, would visit again"
a legitimate establishment
"a bowser business"
you pull your chair closer. where is thom going with this bowser business
"bowser"
Fat Birds are great
i have reasons to dislike this band
combat autistic gimmick band they might be giants
declare war pon the rhine
i hope jitka gets Pompeii Job
dad what is the horse computer
is coney island a real place
A DEMOGRAPHIC PROBLEM
HEAVENS NO! But that would mean.... oh wait that would rule and be much better for both now-israelis and palestinians
"RT @jamiesw: BREAKING: Israeli PM Warns of 'Storm of Militant Islamic Crocodiles'.
Israel 'may not be all there', warn psychologists.  ..."
I always do this
ein zweihändiger Dunk
SHREK
http://t.co/qC4V0yTy what a cool radiation
it is an advertisement
someone just sent me a youtube message
it shall be completed
all day they labor on the Great Blender, at stevia bootcamp
stevia bootcamp
stevia
oh, @verblet is back!
i watched a playthrough of tintin in tibet a while ago and I absolutely cannot believe I got that far as a kid
why is ign carrying stories about RIM now
SILLY BELGIAN AND THE HORRENDOUS ORIENTALISM
i should find and retweet all of @FlemishDog's SILLY BELGIAN twets
games in which crates are inexplicably important
Should Catherine be outlawed?
How soldiers could increase Wii Fit's popularity.
How underwater sections could increase DmC's popularity.
strike from the shadows
is it cold there?
what is special about the exit-row seats
now I smell of Tabac (again)
"rorroro"
"my favourite pony is pink pep" ~ john stewart
pt cruiser
destroy the john stewart
I too high fived the death squad bro
| Canine sentient species | Equine sentient species |
yes.... YES!
http://t.co/7Vu4z0bn Bothan Female dot jpg
a Bothan
http://t.co/i3Rrz11M ahahaa
A mystery
bacon, everywhere
after welding the two light sabers together, darth maul resumed preparing what he called "the meat spaceship"
Consider this image, for example: http://t.co/nLj245gy
jenihugs
Join Our Grand Star Fleet
Mauve Eternal
Jon Stewart is the enemy
lets do it
What If Jon Stewart Just Shuts Up Forever
Suddenly I remember that it's 90% possible I had a dream last night featuring the OpenOffice Mouse
PINKY SHIFT BRO
Again: Oh comrades!
Falco
i can feel it, now
an article about the meaning of throwing stones at tanks taught me how to be better at throwing stones
oh comrades!
it's a good day when @BloomsburyFight has tweeted "oh comrades!", which I imagine is pronounced irl as an expression of true joy
eat a Bread with Meat And Thing on it
oh no...
I WANT TO DEGAUSS
piers morgan
aghahah
http://t.co/JIFBN5Ck kevin smith
yes
or spelling, really
one week i was very bored and committed myself to esperanto because it there is no inscrutable grammar
Learn Russian in only 7 days! [you are locked in a room with a belligerent Russian man and a textbook]
I Would Like TO Learn Russian
we have a water dispenser thing but its in a corner next to the vending machine and no one gathers around it
it is a Crime to force A.J. Boekestijn into someone's timeline
i should finish deus ex robot revolution
If YOu Are Bourgeois I Will Come Into Your Kitchen At Night And Throw Your Fridge Into THe Hallway
anonymous x posts on smashthestatechan
Given erroneous directions, Jedward instead meets popet. Onlookers observe them gleefully interacting
I AM So Mad
slavodge
ok, lets combat zizek
he lives in us
I'll admit this one is ok maybe??
i miss him
Everyone Gets A Free House
everyone
everyone else is tiny
except i don't know how tall aimee is and she would probably not be able to reach that high
yes!!
http://t.co/mwhGH6YX the mysterious browsers all the way to the right
smh
listen grinning blue dude is daft punk's drummer. he's jitka
i saw these letters move. change. reform into "THRILLHO". holy shit
working on the horse computer
working on the computer
dying on the computer
"x on the computer" is an inherently funny phrase
"RT @cher: They r going 2 investigate the suicide
of that sweet boy ""ItGets Better""
Wake up at night, whispering "3dfx voodoo" in amazement
upload it to the web sides
When Thom Shaves A Star Ignites Far Away
when did the Name come to me
I have always wanted to make a hakkuhbar/hatikvah joke and one day I WILL SUCCEED
if you scrutinize each gabber music video carefully, you can see pupet in the background - shaking freakishly
it chooses to do this through gabber and increasingly faster house music
Here, the 90s first begins to assert itself as a decade separate from the 80s
gabber piet...
sleepu
notch is determined to use all the most awkward conventions possible
i would like to sleepu
an intense gathering of ducks
engage me regarding Meatballs
I won't say twice as small because I can't judge how large this guy's hands are
dutch meatballs are a little bit smaller than these
and the egg
he forgets key components like crushed rusks or breadcrumbs
I laugh at this mans claim that bacon is necessary to prevent a large meatball from falling apart
use two large forks to mix your mincemeat
de vorkmethode
he is making decisions regarding these meatballs I do not agree with
without the fork method there is only chaos
http://t.co/lqRstBn7 this man is not using the fork method :|
we do have Actual "Employers Unions"
ahahah
none of these people have ever set foot in a factory
I don't know if this is how it happened elsewhere, but here unions went downhill the moment you could just Train To Be a Union Leader
he has learned
"twimbow bumrush"
Pauw Kwugman twet: http://j.mp/pXtaiT @RaightningUK
"IN THE FUTURE, WE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO KEEP UP THIS CONSTANT INNOVATION IN EXPLOITING THE GLOBAL PROLETARIAT" ~ Paul Krugman
at the end of his term, popet appears to a group of conclavists, and shrieks "THE SEAT IS VACANT" before exploding into ashes
popet calls for the minus first vatican council
popet excommunicates you from from the weak nuclear force
pupet was always here...
JC can't believe it
i have purchased alpha protocol
guys proraso pre/post is the best aftershave balm DID YOU KNOW
shaev
HA HA HA HA
good morning rombow bumrush
.@fart has embarked on his quest to Kiev, in search of the horse computer
BREGRUDGINGLY I RETWEET THE FALSE HORSE EBOOKS
he falls apart into smaller Willem Dreeses, which begin to wrestle labour mps for their seats
Giant Willem Drees appears in Parliament, screams at the top of his lungs - "DO EFFE NORMAAL MAN"
he said it twice
Do Effe Normaal Man
(they are great)
jew cookie
jodenkoek
dog-eating festival
wario
I wish that had happened
nun pupet
oh gabe newell
italy
i want to be on snopes
i am slowly whittling down my stash of shaving creams
just typed "horse fomenter" in a fit
ari is greatest
shoutout to the dersh
hari. hari. hariiii
"RT @TheRealRoseanne: Hello mom dont leave your twitter open i will hack you.
I am Fat And a bad singer."
a shameful planet
a planet without birds is doomed
imagine, horse_ebooks coming into being
horse computer
but it's ok! Before that they knock you out and paralyze your lungs
A Humane State (injects scalding acid into a man's veins)
A CLAIM ON HE THRONE
dutch parliament has seating orders that re-inforce the left/right binary (religious conservatism counting as more right than liberalism)
groenlinks y'all
I AM READY FOR DOUBLE TWET JAIL
pupet hovers above the ponies, screeching "RIDE"
pupet intrudes on your my little pony friendship is magic viewing experience
He could only get out a short "hey" before @__mistral was pon him. "HOHOHOHHROSE HCOMPTEUR", he shrieks.
now would be the worst time for @__mistral 's landlord to show up
"GOD IF ONLY WE HAD LESS BROWN PEOPLE OUR CAPITALISM WITH A HUMAN FACE COULD ACTUALLY WORK" ~ social democrat
You stare at the "UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT" sign. Underneath, a plaque that seems to only partially exist in reality. "pupet", it reads
NOOOOOoo
You back away from the table. As if reacting, the room begins to swag out
a cat plops down on it, looks you straight in the eye. Somehow, it speaks "it is impressed tanasinn"
a table fades into existence
DOG
"stay at home mom" is a Despair Phrase
http://t.co/6Jalp8Vs this word is the single thing binding the otherwise false nation of the netherlands together
fruit...
I don't know why but I feel like @daphaknee would Understand the true meaning of "gezelligheid" http://t.co/9GJwpACM
oh no mistral
im the lady
"why is the lady freaking out over horse computers?"
it rules when this happens
i have never changed my twitter background
Full of Mirth
a horse ocmpturemj
please do not cry rombow bumrush
smh at that nail. going to Tend To It at home
http://t.co/agdL8Qwp also cassis
in australia fanta cassis isn't a thing you get in vending machines
i could get a fanta cassis right now but I think that might make @FlemishDog feel bad
julian assange invades your space wearing only underwear. "it is ok", he explains. "I am a bit of an autist"
Like All Men I Am A Bit Of A Rapist ~ The Julian Assange
A LITTLE BIT
i know this is a Hillary Clinton Type Thing to Do but what the hell is the context here.
i what
cool curries
five people wailing on Job Cohen
yes... YES!
woah check it out
Cher too has mundane problems
at this point the hasbara interpretative dance squad surrounds the tea pot and does a little flourish
I'M A LITTLE TEA POT / SHORT AND STOUT / THESE ARE MY NUKES AND THIS IS MY POUT
going through old twet
sleepu
I denounce it
who is this "weird horse"
noo, i didn't want credit for that
not just the object itself, as an uncanny valley sort of thing, but the mindset of people who buy them
nothing is creepier than realdolls
WHY
smalldogsactivelyresistingaleash.tumblr.com
OH BOY
Sudden anti-REM sentiments
I Guarantee This
dutch meatballs are the best meatballs though
"how do we mess up a cool thing like UEFI"
wooden horses
myspace tom is on facebook
zeit gij rorroro?
ITS HAPPENING AGAIN
de paardencomputer
i did this when I was on a bike and it felt great
please open your window and scream "A HORSE COMPUTER IN KIEV" at the world
now @_mistral is experiencing what I felt on that toilet, at work
a horse computer in ikea
cool yes that's totally what we need, the two state solution presented as a leftist sort of solution
somewhere, @thisman stirs
even as we speak, excess horse is building up in the horse computer. it's twitter outlet compromised, HORSE begins to leak into reality
"shoutout to the horse computer" ~ @LILBTHEBASEDGOD
i wish i could enter the phrase "a horse computer in kiev" into some sort of official record
please.... please use our browser..
i am not going to use a firefox
ahaha mozilla renamed the "Minefield" alphas to a less threatening name specifically so more people will feel like using it
jitka and the inflatable bed
beebee will survey the event from a distance, and tweet "cool"
What If Nerds Are Killed...
horse ebooks is influential about horses - knives - penguins - pittsburg
i miss you, horse ebooks
communist anime
"I'm the Decider" ~ Mahmoud Abbas
is he doing the customer satisfaction survey over the phone
i don't understand why this needed to be escalated
false thoms
I wish people who request to pretend to be me so they can get something escalated with Symantec were decent at English pronounciation
"snowballs deal 0 damage", Notch states. Someone nails him in the back of the head with a chunk of ice
white people remain at large to this day
jeni mac likes your profile change
i thought instagram had annihilated the unfortunate practice of lomography
haha no actually it's not indiscriminate at all, they know exactly what they're aiming at
YOU HAVE COME TO A LAND CALLED ISRAEL [INDISCRIMINATE GUNFIRE]
States don't generally have "the right to exist", this phrase is always intended to defend structures that collapse when faced with equality
"ah, but I have here in my hand several reasons why Israel has 'the right to exist'." [he unfurls a scroll reading "I AM A ZIONIST SHITLORD]
jimmys egg is associated with pupet, and as such
john mccain is still alive y'all
Work Tiers
it all comes back to the jorg massive in the end
only 79.500 twets until we reach #cb200k
Anticipating logistics problem in getting it overseas to be put in @jenihead's fridge
when i build the new computer i am calling it horse computer
Pending a more permanent cooling solution, the horse computer has been placed inside the sentient freezer
i am laughing uncontrollably
Fully expecting there to be a sign in Kiev directing you to the horse computer
im creying
I REFUSE TO INTERACT WITH YOU EXCEPT BY WAY OF DATE SYSTEM
"Date system"
praise cat bridge
one seat for Abbas, one for his Israeli handler
double-wide chair
americans crying, mumbling
destruction
NOOO
gerrit zalm
gibbis anti-maoism is the most tedious anti-maoism
"read the reddit subforum about investing"
what does this mean..
"A NEW THING!", they lament. "WE HATE THE NEW THING!", they cry. Meanwhile, neoliberal reforms pass without a hitch
hairman is but a distant memory, eclipsed by hot farmer
Even now he stirs in his sleep
Somewhere a cabbie drives around with a terrible weight on his soul. He is the guy who made Seth McFarlane miss his doomed flight
soon DM will overflow
all people
everyone wants to go to DM with @LILBTHEBASEDGOD
sleepu
a distant cantering
AMY ROSE
GET INVOLVED: WE HAVE TOKENISM
horse_ebooks_REAL
could it be... could I have found the ebooks man's linkedin?
just made an earnest attempt to say "horse computer" without laughing
why do the animals call his name? why do I imagine this?
"WAKA FLOCKA FLAME", the rat screeches
Please Keep This In Mind
ahahaha, "a little more free"
Hari was a better target for that joke but Kristof doesn't get enough shit
as is Johann Hari
alas, Nick Kristof is otherwise engaged
do we have any #FAKEJOURNALISTS to cover this?
something is willed into being at the press of a button
obama has a Bourgeois Scum problem (it's him, he is the bourgeois scum)
a shape emerges in the center of the owls. a great hooning is heard across the globe
here, in this scenario
Does The Satan Have True Agency
let me Do a Think about this
injusticefacts is uuuurgh but ahahahaaha
it's not the same...
pfff
http://t.co/fyoSeuEr http://t.co/Cdm0grId here are some choice hats
parliamentary republic
please abolish this grotesque monarchy
Queen Beatrix has so many hats even @PontiusPyrite would swear fealty
get out and take that silly hat off
we've found it.... DM
melkert...
Queen Beatrix saying "Y'ALL"
I wish the throne speech was just "DEATH IS CERTAIN Y'ALL"
Dearest Members Of The States General
stopped sipping cappuccino and rethinking my life at this time
de nexus praim
yesssss new mining accident
"much like your pony"
"expose yourself to the internet or i will ban you", he issued, briefly pausing his bacon binge
http://t.co/uBoNacnq what the hell
"LISTEN MOM MY LOVE FOR PINK PEP IS REAL"
yes, Evacuate Japan
DESTRUCTION OF BRONNY
why are the ponies kissing
it can do a great many things
http://t.co/LOxk40EN the device @satanmaster_
i will take a picture of it
we all covet the device...
"I will unleash every satan I have mastered to obtain the device"
i am content
"de satan"
Adriaantje
cory in 't huis
maria does not approve of Cory
cory will soon envelop everything
Cory Is The House
Cory has taken physical possession of the house
holy shit...
Cory is a malevolent force
Cory sits perched on the end of your bed, watching
Cory enters pupet house
i have never Seen Cory in the House, only imagined
Cory, stop this madness
Cory refuses to leave the house
Cory is in the house, he's here. Please advise
oh, but I remember Cory in the House
Dutch Banality
Focus, though, is probably unique
dutch metal as well
oh yes
i may have skipped some
dutch hits have been, in order: dutch schlagers, dutch brit-pop, dutch rock, a guy stealing italian songs because no one would notice that
a False Nation
"the netherlands is a cultural wasteland and has not seen the likes of That's So Raven??? I did not expect this"
NO
no
is "that's so raven" the name of a real show
only I can see the onion creature. I am Chosen
oh no!!!
I'm glad beebee is back on the twitter
SLEEPU
is Twert Lingo a post-9/11 language
what is a post-9/11 language
iT iS tIMe tO iNJecT sOmE VIP qUALitY iNtO yOuR lIFe cHIld ~ @DADDYc_OOL , appearing to the somali child soldiers
BBBUT VIDEO GAME!!!
"what if the kids can't afford to go to the hospital??" "i dont know?? video game"
yes
child's play is NOT nice
.@ExtraCreditz yeah mean its great that they're giving video games to the kids who's parents could afford treatment. great. cool
what is it that they do
LIKE WHAT
http://j.mp/otUuBB man, there is no self-awareness, here. it's not here
Instead I Will Transcend Gender To Simply Be "Thom"
im here, in this world
im so mad
why
Earlier I decided to eat all of the cheese
AN URGENT MESSAGE FROM DOCEVIL: REBOOT THE HORSE COMPUTER
i have defeated the popup
man i bet thats a fun article but the great businessmen at the onion dot com have decided I'm not allowed to read it
we labor under the oppressive weight of The God
"Under the God"
I WOULD LIKE TO START A DIALOG ON MY OWN TERMS, AS A MAN ~ terrible, terrible man
ultieme angstspin
Union wars
please disarm Israel
how do people who like the "old" pony things Feel
FALSE FEMALES [haunting theme played on the world's scariest piano]
i don't know why!
Having read this I am going to listen to Tin Machine's "Crack City"
leave it to the moe feminist dog
descending bear...
vernietig
destroy
Nick Kristof, nothing can make you look smart
a great number of things are the Worst Thing on DeviantArt
"please, stop sending the pizzas", he continues, as ever more pizzas are airdropped onto IDF bases
"When we allowed people to donate pizzas to the IDF, we could not anticipate this", Ehud Barak laments underneath a mountain of pizza
So Terrible
android
and my phone is Un-broken
OH NO!
horse
class warfare has created hella jobs bro
i have plenty of room for a horse now, in the gaping hole in my heart left by the real horse_ebooks
FALSE_ebooks
early pupet manifestation
Only Brown People Were Hurt Then
a Kinder, Gentler Capitalism
heavens no, america was so great before
If you find someone talking about The Corporations having "subverted" the "american dream", kill them
meet lots of animals
give me a general strike. just give me one
is that the appropriate anime suffix i dont know
verblet-kun...
Laurie Penny's Flat Mate
please help friends
Woops We Forgot About Another Country
imagine learning the wrong kind of chinese by accident
"I HAVE PUT MY CONSIDERABLE RESOURCES AT THE SERVICE OF FEMINISM, WHICH DESPERATELY NEEDS IT"
i can't comfortably call myself that because it sounds like you are saying this:
def
yes
Category:Prophets that are in Bird Crew
"whatever bro", the prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him
When Rafi‘ ibn Khadij asked Muhammad whether they could write what they heard from him, the answer came: Write, no harm!.
EXCEPT YOU [an accusing finger is pointed at the liberals]
lets be comrades with EVERYONE!
hadith joek
ugh
vatican combat
Just remembered "Ultimate Fear Spider" and actually did a chuckle irl
makes its intended wearer feel fashionably attractive;
I have only one walking speed
ari's hatch day
oh this is going to end up being ten retweets isnt it
Correct
poep
what if they actually do that, what does that even mean
If They Canonize JP2 Before John XXIII I Will Also Explode
when they canonize jp2 Poland will explode.
Poland is all about popery
"URBI ET ORBI", pupet declares. A large globe appears and is bathed in light. it crushes those present
but the Best Pope would be an African or South American pope that is all about the liberation theology
any pope that rejects this ~the spirit of Vatican II~ (we'll ignore it and descend into meaningless traditionalism) would be ok, really
i would maybe be a decent pope????
man you know what would really hit the spot right about now? a papal election
"fuuka"
AAAAAAAAA
Good Money
"MASTERS OF CHANT CHAPTER VII
http://t.co/LgOx96Sw"
a false pony, there is only rombow bumrush
intro solo is a harp now
a gregorian chant version of sweet child of mine
im so glad this is a real album
MASTERS OF CHANT V
i have Friended people
ebboks
burn France (again)
W E L P
"they" is a perfectly serviceable gender-neutral pronoun
http://t.co/A5OSRPty cool I've always wanted to see a Chinese general riding a giant fish backwards
grandpa why are you crying. grandpa is this about the internet
a Draw
is @jordandroid drawing people???
cyber-bullied by a pony
&lt;--------- TRUE SELF
Gendermerie d'Elite
Grande Gendermée
.@pony_ebooks calling people out
"a fucking waddle dee", @_mistral laments
he last note
Charts have been updated to a 3D look.
From a nearby hilltop, @pony_ebooks watches the blaze. A large bear creature waddles up to it. "TWO ENEMIES LEFT", @persona_ebooks smiles
congrats bro
JC Denton overrides the coolant pumps and destroys the horse computer
horse_ebooks neighs "brony", and kicks the nerd in the back
"brony"
ebooks man... please return @horse_ebooks to us
im creying
we run wizard game here
i love wizard game...
who does not have wizard game yet
i hAVe tOrN aPArT tHe TapStRy oF rEaLiTY
wizard game
i have purchased the wizard game
wizards in vietnam
"break the world" is the only way to play these games
lose a war on purpose to convert to islam, break the world
cool a place where you can entrap and then murder redditors i r l....
Is it done, Yuri? [a Pomeranian barks in an excited manner]
fill the world with jitka
Lets Shoot
An Issue With Tone
nick griffin is MAD
if you kill the weed lord a thousand more will rise in his place [the resulting weed lord population is massively underfed, perishes]
if you flip the pages you see a crude animation of the tiny pig raising itself on its hind legs in celebration
yes...
jorg calligraphy
only cobalt blue substance that screams secrets under uncovered skies now recognized as beer
pupet has altered the beer laws
pronouncing thom
i like this idea a lot
"weekend nerds"
He details a nightmarish existence and a great catastrophe
jitka begins tweeting your thoughts from two weeks hence
sleepu
y'all winner
Always
Weather Girls
Weather Girls is still a running feature of those Taiwanese animated news people
Cool America
i bet this is a Different MTA
HELO, FUCK THE MTA
im rorroro
pink pep
welcome to big-ass message dot com
"I HAVE ACQUIRED THE JORG MASSIVE", the heavens issue forth
WHEELIE BIN
"liebe berliner", they coo to the doughnut
everyone leaves on monday "WELP, gotta work"
do NOT irritate a bird!
im glad this image exists
wait where are stalin and mao. oh no... what have you done
yes... YES
im glad they discovered it is a good idea to actually OCCUPY a thing
http://t.co/7JaKXz0X Flower Auction @jenihead @daphaknee
defeat fascism to save Are Food
omg
we cannot allow anyone to surpass the Dutch in the mashings arts
http://j.mp/oNdzEj suggested equipment: colloidal mills - to pulverize any food item
fuck this is pretty
attn @_mistral I just got the metro-y Market app on Android
Aurist appears to Lil Wayne, draws out a long and stern "NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNooooooooooooooooooo" while making a mess of his notes
aurist is very clear on this matter
I denounce this "thom yorke". a false thom
de buffett-belasting
so it is just a hollowed out bread with meatballs in it
but mostly the soap is meatballs
I do this
"Did you know that steel is gentler on the earth to extract than other metals"
Guy
Hidden Fork Technique
use the fork method when creating your burg
false horse
skatehood
"actually, I'm a Redditeur", he spoke, as the floor opened beneath him
what is maria party game
just wrote "maria party games" @A_CREEP
ALL of the mario party games
like you know where you are, and why, but you are not aware of your actions in the Last Ten Seconds
imagine if you never knew what you did in the Last Ten Seconds
attn  @sleepynobowling  in the past ten seconds I have become very certain that you should visit @daphaknee
attn @sleepynobowling visit @daphaknee i guess???
I wonder if the seats at the UN are really comfortable like the ones in Dutch parliament
"putting blood in your legs" is the first step to becoming swole
Germans digging holes on beaches
a day trip into racism
did you mean "Day Racist" @dasracist
I always knew that some day Kevin Rudd would tweet something like this
i think this is the proper one
I could sing along to Roger Whittaker when I was five years old. I know the way the songs are supposed to Be
oh my god, Super Trouper
did these monks just chant "I see rivers of bloood"?
i don't really know what that store is, they sell Things. Scented candles, cognac glasses, soap holders
a store i visit sometimes has muzak that is just piano renditions of Elton John songs
monks chanting "come on and slam, and welcome to the jam"
"there were nights of endless pleasure", the chaste man continues
"it's all coming back to me now", the monk sings, his eyes overflowing with emotion
listen to I'm Alive it's the best
http://j.mp/j8KZs3 Pro Listen
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH, I'M ALIIIVE", they intone
please listen to A GREGORIAN CHANT TRIBUTE TO CELINE DION @GLDNLNTMRN
maximum fairness implies that oppression happens in a way that the bourgeois liberal will not feel too bad about
MAXIMUM FAIRNESS
"skrillex"
did i do a Math????
do they just sell this
I see americans tweeting about it, using it to help them sleep, and somehow getting completely delirious on them
i am very concerned about this "ambien" stuff
fuck these bullshit cakes
i bet those are bullshit cakes with wood supports and big compressed chunks of cereal in them
how does the burner hug
Struggle Together
exercise the Bear Hug muscle group
full body bear hugs at ALL TIMES
welp
a block of wood, cut some wide grooves into it
maybe i should make a soap tray
it is a Cool Soap
I have to get an additional soap tray to use the Nablus soap I got from @avinunu
(and then they get better, of course)
it's actually worse when they ATTEMPT to, because it devolves into this tokenism of "LOOK! We've shown you a poor person!"
http://j.mp/oIeqzO The Guy That Wears These Kind OF Glasses always looks the same too
http://j.mp/pmQRxS this is the truest representation of the dutch
i am helping @lightfantastic in his quest to yell at EVERYBODY
hole experts
only a fool would forget Davey
Lets Allow Employers To Provide Healthcare Insurance Instead of The State. yes. Cool.
"company insurance" is such a horrible idea
"but.. im white.."
americans suddenly discover that the police is not their friend
Did the Green Leaves disband, their Work now completed?
which in retrospect was a thoroughly degenerate art
Pony Canyon
it is a v good Song of Japan
no Suzy, do not obscure the Mark of Abbadon
I know that's supposed to be Little Girl Hair but to me it just looks like there is an ominous sigil on the wall behind that kid
what does that mean???
im ok...............
have you ever been taken aboard the ELO craft
have you ever had a dream where you are piloting the Boston spaceship
de liberaal lacht
de liberalen
awahahahahaaaa
depending on who's goal it is
"lay waste to the motherfuckers" is a reasonably cool goal
HATO pledges to, wherever they may be, lay waste to the motherfuckers who state "haters gonna hate"
i love the idea of HATO
you have received a new message
one day the Portlands will merge with dramatic consequences
what the hell
I looked up where Portland actually is for the first time
I love the vague surreal banality that surrounds @jitka22 at all times
DETROIT AS A CONDUIT FOR POWERFUL NECROMANTIC ENERGIES
what is the most magical american city
ball studies
excited about additional cracks appearing in the Loli Egg
a Proper Scan
!!!!!!!
"de godkoning"
hahaAHHAAHHAHsehdfnh
Brian Eno sings of the demise of the large egg-shaped candle
oh god
jeni scrutinizes a pee
de dikke hitler. de vadsige fuhrer
Fat Hitler
now I am going to file my nails
what am i looking at here
a track called "Horse"
norrais
chock
spurious mouse move messages
"aha!", the Immortal Master explains to the ebooks man, "this computer has the horse nature!"
"RT @avinunu: Netherlands makes public cheese-eating & clog-wearing compulsory for all
Muslims to protect Dutch way of life http://t.co/ ..."
oh! pc strategy guide
I must think hard about what this smell reminds me of
i have sniffed a book
in the future more people will be able to Visit Thom IRL
I was Good at logging
a job i had in the 90s
JENI
ahaha this is great
http://t.co/0B66cTh9 woah.....
"mythosaurs", he typed unironically
star wars is hilarious
"He became the first leader of the Mandalorian clans after he exterminated the Mythosaurs"
http://j.mp/oQzPkc yes.... YES
consider for example the phrase "doing science to it". Whatever promises it held were destroyed by the nerds
sometimes a phrase's potential can be killed
who is this
mijn twitter
JIMMYS TEA
http://j.mp/nqvvIM i love this fucking image
star wars
its.. real...
in the star wars expanded universe, the sith lords create DINOSAURS http://j.mp/nOXiGN
maximum tea dispersal
"CLICK TO STOP"
"this shape..."
also this video is really good out of context because he's just really fucking excited about a shape
http://t.co/vCLcEI9F this guy is the best audiophile
layers...
is this the Master Account
holy shit...
chie
when we arrived, the convention center was abandoned, as if in a hurry. the word "RORRORO" scratched into a tree
gunther herman head cannon
what is the thom "head canon"
pink pep
i remember all of the fake pony names from that twet but i dont know a single actual one
im rombow bumrush
I want to get a hold of the deadliest warrior excel spreadsheet and make small alterations that benefit leftist militias
when they leave, the ebooks man hunches down near one of the computers, altering them
sometimes people enter the bunker. they whisper secrets to the ebooks man. he says nothing
http://j.mp/mR4m8s what kind of ridiculous shit is this
i believe that we can find the ebooks man
please contact the man in kiev, please
before any austerity measures actually began, the passage of time has taken the Netherlands out of the magic "debt danger zone"
at this point it is "create the massive crushing debt we warned our citizens about but which did not materialize"
http://j.mp/nHFZ2g @pferd_ebooks
if you use the us-international keyboard layout right alt+s will produce ß
spaß ritual
spaß machen
only maria knows what the hell this is about
imagine the owl creature appearing when you exhibit poor trigger discipline
Other people called Heather
.@persona_ebooks comes to our rescue, astride @pony_ebooks
"smatje"
A Guy
http://j.mp/panQJ2 this is a fun thing
now you are all remembering billie piper
i thought that was billie piper
after you've read this the broader reason of "because I operate on a socialist ideology" makes a bit more sense @jackwins1
I think this is still a helpful elaboration on the subject: http://j.mp/p5Lzqn @jackwins1  (even though i immediately dislike what i write)
http://t.co/N8uoAG56 this happened into my mail @daphaknee
Pro click
Jeni is everywhere
Secret events
I just saw the Fat Bird irl but it flew away
"Master of Satans"
http://t.co/VRG6jZSB the Party provides
"Swag" - Jitka
Woah...
Jitka Radio
Oh no...
http://t.co/g4B18VhH the bus is here CC: @beebee880
sleepu
i am the caremaster
jesus christ, this is ridiculous
when did this happen, and how far do I have to go back to unmake this world
make what right? when did the Worst Sin become making a twitter man do a crey for lambasting him for saying a bad thing?
yes
am I supposed to feel pity for someone because they happened to be the one person outside the patriarchy shield at the time?
good heavens, the battle angel is returned to us
jim cramer
i just remembered jim cramer exists
give me back my horse ebooks
im not sure i can do this...
NOT CANON, PLEASE ADVISE
and so it begins
I'm starting to not feel it anymore
Just typed "Lolo egg"
Please stay clear of the horse computer
I like the crosses flying in formation around the jumbled mess of stars of david and moons
unless they are saying the most violent christian ever was the child Jesus
i don't understand where 3bc comes from though, christianity doesn't literally begin when jesus was born
LOOK AT IT
http://j.mp/qYv4Ux LOOK AT THIS
i fucking love islamchart.gif
constructing horsecomputer.flv will take a while
islamchart.gif
just realized that if someone was really sad I could probably cheer them up by sending them mp3s of me saying "horse computer"
a facebook friend drew this self-portait but for a sec I thought it was jocksbuh.png http://j.mp/nqTmLQ
DOAKES
its gone
it has been a whirlwind for all of us
you open the miljoenennota, greeted by page upon page of DEHUMANIZE YOURSELF AND FACE TO BLOODSHED
guy in kiev, please, give us a sign
i am looking back on this moment with shock and
your mind makes it real
bless you @persona_ebooks
LAYERS
or at least, real enough
http://t.co/ai6veBuQ OH MY GOD ITS REAL
guy in kiev, hear my plea
false ebooks
everything is wrong
can you forgive yourself
is this the real life
a sinking feeling
http://t.co/DKBOOjge this is art. an art
You look out of the window to find Figure E13.8 roaming the streets
I just feel like the entire world is becoming increasingly unlikely
patch me into the horse computer
i am Sure now
maria say pferdencomputer
i am now physically incapable of feeling sorrow
I saw this, had to pause for a second and then reached the horrifying conclusion that he means Pauline Hanson
i cant wait until i can go home so i can unabashedly cry with laughter on a bike
is this what religious bliss is like
how do you go about updating the horse computer
what kind of computer would the horse computer be
I wonder what the people on the other toilets thought, hearing "hohoh-hhorse compu hashrahaha" and loud weeping
i am crey. i am full of mirth and crey is coming out
I have been laughing and holding back tears on a toilet for five minutes at the idea of a "horse computer in Kiev"
"phantom horse in danger" is a real book
actually everything horse ebooks has tweeted is still legit books about horses though
imagine logging in as @horse_ebooks. you whisper "RIDE" as you slam the enter key
who controls @horse_ebooks
( O v O ) . o O ( blood ) &lt; --- maria irl
"Talk about they ponies"
a scenario-based installation
literally renounce your american citizenship, in front of a guy
stop doing this
"i would like to strongly oppose a burqa ban but my white liberal sensibilities are too offended for that..."
we have bicycles and mashing
a surgeon in utmost concentration, operating on a large sphere
every single worker in the netherlands has the equivalent of tenure. americans in academia have to EARN that. jesus
ahahaha i just learned what the fuck "tenure" is
humgungl venster
microsoft sam + screen reader in dutch windows was fun
bob saget is a regretful part of my childhood
lets think in a positive way about microsoft bob
microsoft bob
"put r there anime boy" ~ Character From Fiction To Anime Child In Kingdom Hearts
what if you become Thom
now lets email xehanort@hotmail.com
a void
what awaits us at xehanort.tumblr.com
windowsx.h
an undocumented assumption
http://t.co/mo5WL5Pk gordon brewer
please embrace the Cloud fully, follow it to its natural conclusion - the nationalization of tech infrastructure #uguu
Wake up next to Enya. She coos something at you
I bet this guy also has a process killer on his android phone
I don't think this guy understands how this works
"However, one thing that’s been totally revamped is Task Manager, and it’s a good thing, too, because there do… (cont) http://t.co/M6km8mHS
paarden
do it. whisper "horses"
Stalin smiles upon the MEPs. They feel his warmth.
In this moment, the tiny man is himself Understood
"I WILL UNDERSTAND AND FATHOM EVERY BIT OF YOU", the tiny man yells. The universe returns the gaze
one tiny man against a cold, unfeeling universe
i think @zofii_nyan might like at least some bowie, not sure which though. there is a Lot Of Bowie
he will seek refuge in being able to define what is fair, deeming his coming demise "unfair"
"the amazing atheist", if confronted with his mortality, will feel Despair
are you fucking kidding me
"wait until the steampunk scene gets a load of this", he whispers
de 50+ beurs
Julian Assange's mother, literally
Few things are more obscene than a fake box/package, displayed on the download page of free software
"libyan revolutionary forces" is beyond farcical
you must Know your grain to the degree that this is safe to do
with shock and
Vladimir Putin physically crushes the servers hosting cracked dot com
every single fact about Vladimir Putin is amazing
Vladimir Putin has visited the Netherlands
"TV Dogbert"
Animals of all kinds screaming "WAKA FLOCKA FLAME" is an image that refuses to let go of me
now we have no need of this [the person, dan heed, is thrown into the fire]
i just whispered "dan heed" irl
holy shit
poor Benedict Arnold
putin
I just came across the weird mythology of George Washington
.@KinielCat does jitka whisper Pompeii Secrets in his dreams
gender x
famous ting
phenomenal
I am glad this exists
bless you, @horse_ebooks . bless you
PUPET - Ye-e-e-es...
Wideband, ultrawhite, yes...
"We are horse We are ebooks. The barriers between us have fallen and we have
become -- our own shadow"
i am full of shock
whoever guides @horse_ebooks now certainly has the @horse_ebooks spirit down
"you will undoubtedly look back on this moment" was the first web twet
horse-ebooks.com now redirects to a weird russian blog
HOLY SHIT
finally @thisman and @horse_ebooks merge
HORSE DANGER
HORSE EBOOKS WHAT IS HAPPENING
what the hell is happening
dear horse ebooks proprietor if you do whatever you can to keep it tweeting away I will give you money
horse ebooks....
imagine how many problems that would solve
windows 8 is just so beautiful, i am crey
"who the hell is thom"
oh no
what the hell is wrong with you when this is a thing you care about?
Due to the similarities to the Slender Man, many have petitioned to change the name "Endermen" to "Far Landers".
let me find that @verblet twet about me saying sexual things on twitter again
egyptian liberals fear x
"but they're, but I, but we???? they????"
I really want to see the rampant confusion that must exist among both zionists and liberals about this "statehood" bid
not really though
"they are ridiculous", it echoes. a nation is in shock
"HOLY SHIT"
do you wrap them tightly against your body and then remove the wrapping later
how do you do that
"surprise him with your ass and tits"
"We're ok with that guy"
oh wow this is like everything @dogboner tweets at corporate twerts except real
I have no idea what will happen when I Do A Drug
• A pair of blue swirling arrows. This sometimes baffles people
he Cares
"I have seen the "naked baby" hologram, but unfortunately my copy of Windows 95 has a clothed baby."
ahaha oh man
"bwess you, dwone" ~ small settler child
"RT @bangpound: Why is TUC’s boycott of Israeli “trade union” important? see:
Histadrut: Israel’s racist ""trade union"" http://t.co/2oh0Yt ..."
Sooth yourself by knowing that Reddit is populated by people who's quality of life decreases sharply if you show them the "Slenderman"
http://t.co/IBRZNAL fat bird runs in Florence #birddraw #birdcrew @jenihead
I have drawn the Florence Y'all water tower in the background
ahaha i just drew a fat bird running by accident
http://t.co/zqv8kMf the bottom three options apply to All Ads
adam sandler as a populist neoliberal politician
please remember to use goatse.ru, the TRUE mirror
his appearance signals that the film you are watching is going to be unfunny in a way that is physically painful
bird!!!!!!!!!!111
http://bird.coop/ why is this not a real domain
good lord
Stopman (by killing him)
Kill
i physically own a copy of "the god delusion", which is sequestered in the Shameful Book Section next to The Audacity of Hope
"time to rewrite the blind watchmaker again!"~ richard dawkins, opening up THE RELIGION INSANITY DOT DOCX
"In order to demonstrate
our superior intellect, we will now ask you  a question you cannot answer"
a track simply called "Horse"
/* Avoid midnight bug */
look at how fucking impenetrable that joke is.
pupet sets the value of k to off
"the k-on"
I approve of this cat
I wanted to find a hayek quote and in doing so I discovered that googling hayek  + "doesn't fit in" is highly amusing
i like this
jesus even with the quote marks around it "philosopher" is a term hayek is deeply undeserving of
how come the "philosophers" with the worst impact on society get to finish their Big Ideas and see them put into practice
just one guy, and distributors must fight him for movie rights
australian film
"RT @tozji: ""Great. That's what its all about. Great tunes for everyone to listen to.
Cheers!!!"" definitely my favourite youtube comment"
de geweldigen
his head looks v big in this picture
now i have to check what I Did
soon I will do a #birddraw
hello twitter user and english student @marronsheep
let's see where this goes
always intend disrespect to he lexus. always
no disrespect to he lexus... but
i am wearing the Other Cool New Shirt
haha, what a funny jo- oh god
windows 8 is useless to me if it is not yet Metro Everywhere Forever
FUNDAMENTALLY MISJUDGE THE NATURE OF PUPET
no one enters or leaves dm for the duration of this alert
"I'm in Des Moines" ~ @shutupno1cares
graffito
a wave of netbios
canyon.mid is a masterpiece
Help I Have Seen Things In The Event Log I DOn't Understand Here Are ALl Of THe events [a comical stack of paper]
Negative Adjective Capitalism, the TRUE enemy [the liberal quietly ushers the crowd away]
peter garrett dances backwards, out of the room, into a waiting closet filled with huge stacks of money
midnight oil ladies and gentlemen
haha midnight oil
when you hear the actual song and it does not skip into an entirely different song you feel weird
Skrillex minutes before his tragic death. RIP SKRILLEX
Vernietig Het Metaspel
destroy the metagame
http://t.co/BjKnckJ THIS IS RIDICULOUS
Giant Boris Johnson stumbles through London. Citizens besieged by a chorus of destruction and "oh, sorry"
jitka and the "crab phase"
I was going to do something, but what was it?
crabs raising themselves on their hind legs and embracing the sky
a truly regal death
"what's a neutral enough term? Men Who Feel Like They Are Women????" ~ journalist
I will sleepu. Tomorrow I must be updated on the status of Ass Wars @Ana_La_Aerf
EXPERIENCE VLA
Just realized that @avinunu did not experience vla
i didnt you you could forfeit these games what the hell
apparently my way of playing words with friends is opening up with devastating seven-letter words and then letting the game time out
de kont
de reet
good lord
what is actually happening with @Ana_La_Aerf 's ass, i wasn't informed
pray for ass
who would have thought??
a while ago the news revealed that Jackie Kennedy, privileged white woman, thought Martin Luther King was a Bad Man
i dont know who carrot top is
We can never cease to point out that, god damn, Trent Reznor is swole as hell now
hacktivia sounds like a Thing from deus ex
JIMMYS EGG hatches and a black fog grips the land
oh no...
inclined to never buy Activia because of this (and other reasons)
whenever I see "Hatikva" the letters get jumbled up in my mind and it becomes "Activia"
Be informed of someone's arrival via DM
both of these estimates are correct
everyone wants Answers
it is true, @avinunu met me IRL
I have seen the Man vs Food Guy once before
(the real one)
what if this man dies
ESPN, in Jordan
i can't believe this is Real
"Thanks for visiting theonion.com.
You have arrived at your 30-day allowance of 5 free premium pages from America's Finest News Sourc"
Usually Onion articles happen BEFORE these things are true
HOLY HELL
i just noticed the loli egg has a crack in it now holy shit
"children are more likely to be libertarians" ~ libertarian
"PLAID RAID"
"again"
Who is this POTUS, and why do his demands grow ever bolder?
gruntyhoney.flv
american sitcoms with the laughter removed are An Art
I am writing a Thing
"Now we have gotten ourselves mired in this Namek business for five months", Ron Paul continued
Because he mad, he mad; you know it
give me the gep gun
een volwassen baby
A PILE OF POO
is it permissible to hug an orin [the islamic scholar ponders this question deeply]
pauline and the flat file database
noooooooooo
Glorious HEMA
stroopwafels...
crush identity
Geologists walking around wearing "Ask me about LOAM" badges
"Let's disassemble each other"
ACH! Mein handy
eHow of the Day: can old jeans be new again?
woah...
"RT @LILBTHEBASEDGOD: LIL B IS REACHING A NEW LEVEL OF #BASED
CALLED
""TILLIAN BASEDGOD"" HE IS ACHIEVING THIS THROUGH INTENSE WORK WITH ""T ..."
(laughs)
"RT @CHEATS2000: 0103AAC7	3 Minibikers Follow You"
a php who register he globals
Now you too remember YTMND
dear proprietor of @thisman, i beseech you to twet "XEHANORT"
kinda want to put my entire music library into one giant horrible mp3 and upload it
its just XEHANORT
"XEHANORT" is this conceptual black hole, I can't tie any sort of thing to it like I could with the jorg massive
Have you ever know a Tucker
ahaha WELP
"europe-wide black propaganda"
"insulting the flag of israel", an offense in nations that are not israel
In hushed tones, @daphaknee conveys the Poop Secrets to you
leap at the apex
do squats while you poop
Because he is eternal
Laughing
Silvio Berlusconi will be found hanging upside down in a garage
yes.. YES!
but no, it is IMPORTANT that South Bumblefuck gets to determine its destiny on the national level, in Congress
just count the votes. act on them
district voting is horrible
i fucking love the illinois 4th congressional district
"YOUNS VOTE" echoes over the hills of Scenic Troon
"youns vote"
going to take youns vote [he snatches a vote from poor families] and give it away [he gives it to a tory]
I'm a gerrymander this here. Gerrymander this proper an all that
gerrymander he country
jesus christ thats grotesque
Old John Lennon raises a condemning finger to rioters
Instead of flowers, you may make monetary donations to his widow, Barbara Chandler and son, Christian Chandler.
He also had patents for the controls for Plastic Molding Machines; without him, we would not have even a simple plastic funnel.
Consider Islam
Pon the Poor
wth
pompeii...
UMAMI
http://t.co/JTuZhNh
i am going to Civ Out when I get home maybe
HOLYSDHIT
He mouses over the city. "34% Israeli". "the demographic problem..", Bibi mumbles
Empires with access to Lobbyists can build MASSIVE DEATH
pupet appears before @smashmouth, offering them JIMMYS EGG
we have not forgotten about the eggs
do NOT build settlers
Settlers
i am going to listen to Like Humans Do
"exquisite whiteness" is one of the track names
"hey"
no one asked him to, he just did
David Byrne was moved to create a soundtrack for the show Big Love
KILL
A CREEP is following you
Logo of Chen Ing Hau, creator of the virus
oh, i figured they would start doing this
"y'all seen this man", the poster asks
aha damn i Haven't heard the ACTUAL TERM "supply-side economics" in years
O NEE, HET IS DE DUNNE MAN
de dunneman
"twety"
damn this is a hell of a twety
One day, they advance on your location. One grabs the entire circumference of your head with a single hand, and screams "BOTNET"
Large Russian men appear outside your campus, unmoving. Only their eyes track you.
How to Steal a Botnet and What Can Happen When You Do
baby has been torn apart by market forces
i am david byrne
"THE FUCK IS THIS BULLSHIT", the horse bellows, kicking down the fence. Thus begins the saga of RGR_ebooks
I knew it
sound advice from Scott Kurtz
its... its working...
http://t.co/pBXt37x this one is great
Important Enough
someone wants to help me run lego island
i cannot run lego island...
experience ij
you, the one who is tweeting now!
don't play devil's advocate for rape culture you huge piece of shit
EXTRACTING LEGO.ISO
i am going to download lego island
i cant believe this
I Am Sorry YOu Are Only A Victim During The Sex Grace Period
sometimes it takes years for people to figure out if they have been raped but i guess there is a moral statute of limitations on this
"regret"
aimee defend me from the Wrong
a terrible thing is happening in my mentions column
jail_music.wav
a whole year
by how many years does LEGO Island vido gam pre-date Banjo-Kazooie because this is uncanny
hospital_music
i hope @shit_idiot69 was not overwhelmed by responses to his thom twet :(
somewhere the woman who sings the LEGO Radio jingle horribly off tune is going about her day quietly
i am going to listen to the lego island ost
hietler
heetler
people think the Weathermen or the Black Panthers represented an "extremist" left
it also identifies the speaker as being in the Center, where Logic And Rationality apparently reside
"extremists, left or right" is one of the most hollow phrases
eventually enough spin will be generated to begin the generator's slow journey to the center of the earth
"I Will Impose My Liberal And Correct Views", he booms, partitioning Somalia
Nick Kristof looms over a globe with a marker pen
also my dad wants a kindle and why not continue the noble tradition of him getting hand-me-down gadgets
I will purchase a Kindle 4 because I am the worst possible person. The Worst
~so if you dont have a kindle you could get one maybe???~
ill probably just watch the latest version of it
I should actually watch Blade Runner but there are literally six different versions of it
Also, we see Deckard eating his noodles (with great difficulty) while the waiter says, "He say you Blade Runner."
I am either entirely real or entirely fake. Either Thom exists, as is, or there is no Thom at all
My hypothesis was supported by the fact that the stand up comedy was really bad, comically bad.
I thought the entire person, Jerry Seinfeld, wasn't real
Another thing I believed is that the stand-up comedy bits at the end of Seinfeld were Jerry daydreaming about success
I still believe this about many American things
http://j.mp/pnlG6o holy shit, this thing is real
http://t.co/84NHvmw
"The Hitler Globe"
i will do a Violence to you if I find you on "the reddit"
what a wondrous piece of furniture
heh, u see.. the internet....
http://j.mp/nCyK9u reddit
http://j.mp/rezmrj Ah yes, a Fine Globe
What is the very finest rand mcnally globe
"But They Are The Good Guys"
WHY DOES THIS EXIST
Grown men weeping, whispering "jimmys egg..."
i hAvE pUT a rOCkeT iNTo oRbIT
Funnay Joek.... Fun.. YTes
someone, somewhere, first drew that horrible face
how do the vocabulary in the reddit comics emerge
can you imagine this
I want to experience the optimistic and jolly @Hermit_Thrush_ that may have existed in the distant past
Scott Kurtz prepares for a rousing session of name-searching and responding to each and every message on the twitter
I too can Interpret The Constitution
which is unconstitutional?
which you know, is DOUBTING THE VALIDITY OF THE PUBLIC DEBT?
Much as I hate the ~immortal constitution~, if you are calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme, aren't you calling US treasury bonds one?
all peoples
everyone
call me when Everyone At Jamba is dead
Fuck This Guy
i cannot fucking believe this
Stats can't be shown as Lord_Voldemort7 has never signed in to Favstar.
Creysis
don't mess w/ a cock
bourgeois child overcomes all odds! hooray!
but it sure does read like bourgeois propaganda as well
yes this
he cannot imagine how you might exploit the cock itself commercially, removed from all other things
be warned, I am going to retweet a @TychoBrahe tweet, but only to talk about Thing
man star trek really owns in concept (and execution sometimes??)
again people conspire to thrust A.J. Boekestijn into my timeline
"hey, thom, hey. I have related these two concepts forever, just letting you know" ~ the brain
i dont know why, my brain tells me this
"jimmys egg" is inexorably linked to pupet and ominous events
as far as explosions can be "cool"
http://j.mp/nCfoOA this is a cool explosion
banana-flavored vla
http://t.co/Lu3Lnmx ahaha that last sentence
davey and the quest for cum
http://t.co/7V9bgrV i Love Metro
wendows 8
I read it. It was sent from he ipad
wriggled again
im going to replace "sent from my ipad" with that in any outlook thread where it appears
sent from he ipad
understanding big o
my klut socre...
here's a second beep
Metro UI is the future
appointments well into 2012 are appearing in my agenda and this is scaring the shit out of me
you know the sound, the whining guitar
moslimlente
http://t.co/RlTXY59 HOLY FUCKING SHIT #PISS #METRO #UGUU cc: @_mistral
no one actually uses uitheems but imagine it. imagine it and realize they would be fully capable of using it
de uitheemse nederlander
germany y'all!
all European politics
like they've LEARNED, by rote, that it's bad to oppress, deport, demonize or kill %ETHNICITY%, but a new victim trips them up completely
I'm beginning to think that's whats wrong with the world media when Israel is involved
you know how some people learn Computer by rote, and their routine breaks down if even one thing changes?
a sinister concept
an arm shaving what????
i must find this item
but is it even possible for photos of Thom to exist
maybe i forgot?
not me though, why did I miss out on this
ZUPER GOW
Destroy Air
its cool that it is impossible to check what a twet is a response to on desktop tweetdeck if that user's client has a long name
SUPERGAU
because where it is in the movie is perfect
I haven't read Watchman in forever but didn't the movie move "there is no appreciable difference between a living and dead body" thing
"The intimate parasite
of Sound Recorder"
i want fluorescent kitten
YOU FUCKERS
ahaha yes lets move to a voucher system for disabled transit, you fuckers. you fuckers
Worse Than The Nazis. Worse.
when Nazi Germany occupied the Netherlands they took one look at our healthcare system and said "ahah no, no way, this is bad. terrible"
i am going to dig out all of my cd wallets to find the one with lego island in it
strikes y'all (support them)
i must know
i am excited about this because sometimes a song appears in my head that I think is from LEGO Island
lego island ost...
but NPR
woah that is pretty
CAT FANCIER PLATINUM CARD entitles you to dote up any and ALL cats
WARNING: YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO DOTE UP THIS CAT
but I Feel This Way
what a dull twet
where "printfriendly" replace with "human-friendly"
Paul...
here's to y'all
i think they wake up the guards if they find them?? i dont know
"typhoon", Thom says
I'm Heavy Rifle Guy [peeks out of hiding before whirring up the gun]
(and then 1/4th into the game they all switch to machine pistols ahahahah)
i only carry around that rifle so i have something that takes ammo guards drop
Protogon
was FEMA DEATH CAMP a thing in the late 90s or did the Deus Ex team just throw darts at a board with US government organizations on it
i do not intend to buy the wine but I must Inspect it
on friday I am going to HEMA to inspect their wine offerings and possibly frown at them
have you or have you not installed a Nod-based Windows theme in the past cc: #zofii_nyan
i feel so Great about this shirt
have you or have you not recorded Donkey Kong saying "OK" on the N64 so you could use it as a windows sound
"the idea" buzzing around the room
"the idea"
"gee, I wonder why this virus keeps coming back" [the idea 'rootkit' buzzes around the room, never noticed by anyone]
I have Problems with people in their mid-20s trying to drop their voice to give it an air of authority on the phone
chooch
jitka...
I am going to watch Bob Ross for 2 hours and pass the fuck out #yes #cool #best
"RT @occpal: It would hit #WORLDWIDE #HEADLINES if 30.000 Jews were about to be ""deported"" ▣ The Unrecognized - Documentary ▣
http://t.co ..."
MY GRIEF IS AUGMENTED ~ jc denton at memorial
what does this accomplish
"do him job"
it was just there
just discovered #RARE picture of @Maaever on facebook
ahaha i want to Believe in this
everyone should try cassis irl
AHNAHDEAS HAHa
ahahaA&lt; AHAHA&lt; AHAHAHAHa
its Great
I love @The_Swole_Nerd and his twet av and everything.
hello jitka twenty two
all of the transitional thom fossils are in the inscrutable dutch language
Before Twert was made, Thom was
swole pupet effortlessly spins barbel above its head while making a helicopter sound
it is IMPOSSIBLE to scrute such a thing as a swole pupet
I will agonize over the Form of such a twet for the rest of the day
imagine a @horse_ebooks 9/11 tweet. create it in your mind, scrutinize it from all angles. mutter "holy hell" under your breath
just stumbling about, being kept busy so the city can be run
boris johnson is wonderful, if you see him in the Idiot King sort of way
Pro Click. Pro
"Waht" ~ the Boris Johnson, pushing through a crowd as ushers guide him in the general direction of a memorial
I just like to imagine Boris Johnson as this utterly confused man stumbling through London, inadvertently ruling it somehow
wriggle catbug strikes again
enough about this, at this time
"911day" is the white-house approved tag. ahaha
are they around that early?
has anyone ever specifically thought about the janitors of the WTC
http://j.mp/qeRcpT this is wonderful
how are they sure it is a muslims, do they have to be labeled now?
"oh god, a Poor, a Foreign, a mohammedan, may have touched me.."
ahaha he looks so disheveled
"RT @A_CREEP: On This Day In 2010
Maria Argyros I feel strongly about THINGS"
Almost equal in prominence is the "black frai-dey", where a highly ritualized event ends in mass hysteria and death
On Nineleven, it is said, all is wiped away, leaving only tears
in the Merikhen Calender, Nineleven marks the start of a new year
let's remember Allende, at this time
now it is Twet Time
Huge B's thunderous voice demands your attention
Huge B
http://t.co/ebiIwv6 a Poetie
good god
it is Today
i will sleepu
I am also here @A_CREEP
I have found the Pooptown series of twets
Disc 0 - pupet
extension set VII disc 6119 contains, among other things, trebuchets
i would also like to know this
Disc 6098 - Sounds of Twet - track 29-4 - @_shrine_ laughing at a knife
only the most intense weather, punctuated by me laughing hysterically
Disc 6036 Weather: Randy Thom
Disc 6015, btw, is labeled "Fire"
He cues up Disc 6015, track 28-1: "Fire,Ball - Impact and large fire burst, rumble."
"that's right, I own all of the sounds you may have heard in movies", he boasts. Edging closer, he whispers "let's listen to them... "
http://j.mp/bPUEcj i would like to own this product
http://j.mp/n3hlNT ONE |YEAR PRIOR
http://j.mp/pZEwRg THE EVENT
I want you to remember that someone wrote this
"a conspirative get-together, replete with elated twitterings and chirpings, murmured
and whispered exchanges of secrets and piquant remarks"
Big Electric Cat
bob....
my favourite Bob Chandler thing is that he was really excited about the UN
no.... nooooo
a yoga tv thing is on the tv right now and i have no intention to turn it off
I really want to find the series of twets about the town with the unfortunate name and this hampering rescue efforts
&lt;[FUCK THE EVENT]&gt;
combat this
enter dm...
how are these men entering the anime reality...
"don't even TALK to me about civilization until your projectiles cost over 100k a piece"
http://t.co/YiWuToT found this #based video from #mistral100k @_mistral
who is running all these pithy social awareness twetters. who.
woah
holy shit
holy hell
Madman Across The Water is a solid album
WHY.... WHY IS THIS UNLIKELY....
"curse this MOB", Nick Kristof blurts. Behind him a group of Israeli settlers drive farmers off their land
according to favstar my best twet ever is the unending shaft one
lord_voldemort22
I now intend to summon and bind the @AndrewWK demon into a Party Implement
"why.. it is such a terrible country.."
but it was fun that Past Thom did not understand why the liberal party liked America so much
it has been a fixture
I was though
I finally found the thing I need to raise the saddle on my bike
Soldier Shades are the most awkward eyewear in existence
eHow of the Day: How to Maintain Close Family Ties
Preorder @avinunu on Steam now for an exclusive Hat CC: @PontiusPyrite
http://t.co/jvkLiMx dog embraces the sky
Get on steam
"On steam" is a v Dutch expression @avinunu
I want to hear this talk
jimmys egg
only @FlemishDog appreciates Glorious Lingo
http://t.co/6WVhiCm I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT'S GOING ON
http://j.mp/nFsIWW hans kazàn
zo vader zo zoon
destroy endemol
i hate the gimmicks they do now where the people who built stuff had to complete a "task" or their part of it won't fall down
do not harm bird
"OH NO.. BIRD MUST NOT THREATEN OUR WORK..."
many years ago a bird flew into the hall where they set up the dominos and they shot it
http://t.co/YHsySes here is another Dutch Thing
ejaculatie
De uitzending ging de hele wereld over nadat een kandidaat het woord 'cumshot' (scène in pornofilms waarin ejaculatie plaatsvindt) spelde
http://t.co/Ds2bCUp ahaha holy shit nance even did her little call in show speel on lingo
I liked when the jury was this looming presence that only the presenter could hear or communicate with
pupet zooms around your head making the air raid siren noise backwards. then it launches into a dubstep remix of it
ahaha
man spells PUPET on Lingo. It is correct. Each ball he draws is an increasingly heavier lead sphere
http://t.co/KWY5hQP also here's wheel of fortune
(it starts 3:30 in but the commercials are nice)
http://t.co/JbqZvsR THIS is proper Lingo. Anything that deviates from this is Wrong
http://t.co/dv8CVwf THIS IS GROTESQUE
S L E E P U
http://j.mp/ovRhiM oh right, these assholes
how does radio shack continue to be a Thing
one: http://j.mp/pMShL8 two: http://j.mp/reanwe
I finished Game
gam
i may install and run Bryce and there is nothing you can do to stop me
JIMMYS EGG CEO "PUPET" ISSUES STATEMENT
JIMMYS EGG IS COMING FOR AMERICA
JIMMYS EGG IS COMING. GOOD LORD IT'S COMING
UNIDENTIFIED CRAFT NOW RESPONDING AS "JIMMYS EGG". PLEASE ADVISE
AN UNKNOWN FACTOR
JIMMYS EGG
ok
Punch boss in the face to establish worker supremacy
unintentionally
pauline scream the internationale through the PA system
"these charges.... they were filed in Suspicious Way. What I would do.. if I was raped, would be to IMMEDIATELY" ~ man
outta sight feminists
Julian "total transparency will Fix capitalism" Assange
he was cute before he turned out to be an unparalleled misogynist and nerd creature (and possible rapist)
"hella synergy"
load that playlist the fuck up, do it right now
Elton John has HELLA SYNERGY with Just Cause 2
Actually this but Elton John
Yes
no one must ever know of the Fwopah Secret
I remember so many things Trent Reznor has done On Stage
I only know of Twiggy as "the guy that Trent Reznor always molests on stage"
about to google "transwomen + fifth column". I may not return
A SMUG SINGULARITY
like ten of them did that independantly
where did that terribly tacky "THIS IS FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE" [cartoon man awkwardly bear-hugs animal] shit come from
ah, @avinunu has experienced the Food Wall
is this true???
haha oh god
Well yes, but can the police stream LIVE KILLS into "the situation room" in full hd? I THINK NOT
in a Normal World this would just mean everyone starts disregarding American patents
everyone please share your PUMPED THE FUCK UP music
"yes..... skul gun....", he ponders
what if Gunther is in that DLC and you can get a skull-gun aug in it, somehow
Young Gunther
when those mercs in dx:hr first showed up I thought two of them were Gunther and Anna :(
I still can't really articulate why the version of born this way with country backing is actually enjoyable to a degree
I hope he gets tetanus one day
every 5 years Fukuyama posts an op-ed where he further shies away from this. in the meantime he builds chairs
i have never stuck with the prod
gimme the wad, i like to make a cinematic takedown ~ jc denton
Doom with cinematic takedowns
Cairo is going to deconstruct that entire embassy
just remembered "dogmentation"
a yunch...
I thought this too but by the time I was out of bed it stopped
fuck this shit. fuck. fuck
im bringing it back [thom opens and closes his bathrobe rapidly]
bring chest hair back
BLACK SPECIAL
bike to work always
I did a Shave
eventually @biology_loli will hatch, but into what/?
Inscrutable Nation
http://t.co/wztpmJC the marxism inherent in the system!!!!!!
let's take the socialism out of internet peering [the entire internet goes offline]
I wonder what Big Jeff is doing right now
BIRD ALERT
i hAvE iNvESteD iN fEaR
We are re-activating the fear-based economy #crediblethreat
nanako
I hope no one in this office can lip-read
dreamcast......
People falling over each other trying to steal this bike
Actually my favourite Ted Stevens thing is the expensive gifts that "just appeared" in his house
your prayers have been heard, ted stevens
One of my deepest desires is to meet the CafePress dog
yes
why wouldn't you just vote for Hadash then? Oh wait, that has ~brown people~ in it, can't have that
not sure about c:, someone else still uses that
with TBA's disappearance ":&gt;" is reclaimed
a literal wood thrush perks up, shakes feathers
wood thrush wth
favstar's bonus features
nee, tenzij mijn reet
what is tim rice doing now
Aida is one of the ultimate "pre-9/11 Things"
Man I just remembered Aida
and we wouldn't have had the last good lady gaga music video
I haven't worn a tshirt in over 16 months
http://t.co/dcuZ2QE this is my XboX Thing I Guess
I only still have an xbox live account because it is linked to the same passport as my MCP account
I will continue to believe that Sierra Mist is a drink that will kill you if you have not eaten a highly specific food two days ago
I will keep making the Sierra Mist joke until someone appreciates it
i never did finish dead rising
i hope the earthquake comes back soon
next time the air raid siren is tested I'm probably going to whisper "it knows its power.."
jelq jacques
lucky star is terrifying
omg
Appendix XX
and I heard, as it were, a noise of blunder
Strength as Strength, not as masculinity
"yes.... let my muscles fill with a useless fluid, cool" ~ man
welcome friend, to the hell
#WORKTWET
ahaha i am dying why did we buy this pieceo f shit, this ridiculous fucking program
hot damn
mohey
"moe"
i don't think they even give you xp for killing a cop wth
Sample the word in your mouth; "moe"
don't do this
not comfortable with the other people in this krew
ball pix
"a fucked up red giant"
can you run out of hate, and begin metabolizing love like a fucked up red giant
NOOOOO
ironic qc gimmick posts
irl Jensen just has one of those bottles of disgusting fermented piss and sweat
interaction with a person is not "grinding XP for Fuck Quest"
"I HAVE INTERACTED WITH YOU ENOUGH WHEN DO WE FUCK", the nerd's inner narrative cries out impotently
archime
j'f j'x
jerpg jobvkxs
he is going to date the robot
IS HE DATING THE ROBOT
WAIT REALLY
#CrabWalkingInTheClub, wingcrabs at his side. Facing the HB, he slowly opens and closes his pincers. Wingcrabs motion in total silence
i have had many brick games
#CrabWalkingInTheClub, swaying from side to side, scraping pincers across the floor
Krugman is Wrong
Playing in burned out buildings - Is this literally a great method of fun?
Can you explain what you think of the sims 3 repo person?
Can you explain what happens in the South Park episode where Biggie Smalls is summoned in the mirror?
if these impossible things happen.. we will lose All The Datas
Voiceman is laying out a catastrophic Earthquake Scenario
where... where is @HitlerJapan ..
"WELKOM", brult de schaduw. "IK BEN DE WIETMEESTER"
X Town
credible terrorist threat [satellite zooms in on rapidly squatting figure]
"IT'S HAPPENING, IT'S FINALLY HAPPENING"
i was in bed, laughing
Close To Thom
"THE WORLD IS FINALLY YIELDING TO MY DESIRES", Thom thinks
I felt incredibly powerful when the earthquake happened
immediately
demanded, i say
yes it sure is cool that you demanded a new company car, it sure is
Voiceman is speaking earnestly about cars
"Bad Dragon"
OPH GOD
it has the Race Form, but it is much too short to be used that way
look at this bike too, what the fuck is wrong with it
ahah what the christ
Hema is the People's Warehouse
HOLLANDSCHE EENHEIDSPRIJZEN MAATSCHAPPIJ AMSTERDAM
Hema
Grote aardbeving jonguh
I am reasonably sure I just felt a Tiny Earthquake
sleepu
jeni is the best motivational therapist
in 2001 there was no twitter
"STUDY CIVIC PLANNING YOU FUCK"
whisper secrets to Past Thom
if we focus on 9/11 enough we will open a temporary wormhole that lets us whisper secrets to our past selves
cool a thing that is utterly meaningless to everyone who is not a 20-30 bourgeois white person in America
Ominous choir starts up when everyone goes berserk waving flags
http://j.mp/nbTS5S here it is btw
except in 2008 you thought "lol this is literally what republicans believe", and now you watch it again and do a tiny cry
You know how the opening of Hans Zimmer's "Budget Meeting" syncs up perfectly with Barack Obama's acceptance speech
i almost forgot about "fwopah"
imagining @avinunu opening an automatiek, removing the kroket with an incredulous look
Kevin Smith straightens out his jorts as he prepares to make his Opinion regarding the Israel/Palestine conflict known #nanowrimoopeners
"MASSIVE DEATH. TRULY MASSIVE DEATH" [the crowd goes FUCKING INSANE]
haha I forgot I am literally the sole authorized point of contact for Symantec in this entire company
could it be....
forcibly install this aug in everyone
end all gamers y'all!
http://t.co/bxScuiU this was in the staroffice clipart gallery i think
and by lord am I ready
In 2016 "UNDER CONSTRUCTION" gifs will return
Keenspot
IT IS
is that irespectfemales
none of you know what the hell I'm talking about
it's cool how DDR exists and makes it impossible to talk about the DDR without massive confusion
im pretty sure all of the bits about the GDR in "Over de muur" are meant to be about the west
heilstaat
I will sing along with Jeff Buckley whether you like it or not
oh yeah Fuck Those Cables
someone show @PennyRed the pig picture
y'all don't know about scart
pro click the pro est click
i implore you
please watch Babakiueria
what did gary coleman teach us
Perched atop the Bus Throne sits beebee. "the bus is here", he says
Europe will sit there giggling like chumps "SO GLAD WE'RE NOT THIS BAD", while poors are marched into a furnace behind them
2012 is going to be WILD, so WILD
http://t.co/pR8D5Ie holy moly
george...
just remembered George Walker Bush and sighed wistfully
i want to Experience this shit
does anyone have perrydeathapplause.flv for me
"RT @RenskeLeijten: Concept van CPB sprak over 20.000 banen weg. Definitief rapport spreekt van 22.000. Leest u vooral zelf. Pagina 6/7
h ..."
woah...
victims of Shark
im disappointed that no random people were searching "skull server" though
new "Skull Server" genre of tweets finds enthusiastic audience in @_mistral and @PrinceofRazors
you drop a table on the Skull Server. A keening wail escapes from the heat vents
Please attend to the Skull Server
pronounce "sql" "skull" everyday
Men Should Eat Each Other
